Qin Gongzi
Why would you give your life to block arrows for me, a woman in the world?
It can't be without hitting the key
You know I'm good at medicine
As long as you're okay
So cruel
Since you want to kill
If you have something, you must know how to help people
The truth about the domestic murder case
Qin Gongzi's life-saving grace
How should the little girl repay?
You don't have to worry.
Even if it becomes a full staff
If you can be accompanied by a good man like Qin Gongzi for a lifetime
How nice that would be
That is.
What was I thinking?
Nothing.
Qin Gongzi, although I know a few people with you
But he has long regarded Qin Gongzi as a confidant
I know how Young Master Qin feels about the little girl
How can I answer this question?
Qin Gongzi's tragedy five years ago
He only survived the death because he had gone out to play with Zhengfeng
Your father died in the north
Before death
Handed a letter to a guard
That night
I happened to run into the badly wounded soldier who escaped
he